docs(dh): b2c custom layout (#715)
Energinet-DataHub/greenforce-frontend: libs/dh/shared/assets/src/assets/b2c-custom-layouts/readme.md

# B2C Custom Layouts

## Prerequisite

Before getting started, read the documentation at Microsoft to get familiar with the fundamentals of how custom layouts in B2C work: [Customize the user interface with HTML templates in Azure Active Directory B2C](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/customize-ui-with-html?pivots=b2c-user-flow).

## Files

- `login-unified.html` - custom login layout
- `signup-unified.html` - custom sign up layout
- `self-asserted.html` - custom reset password layout

## Getting started

The custom layouts are static HTML pages with vanilla CSS. Styles for inputs etc., are manually ported as the Design System is not used here.

### Simulate content inserted by B2C `#api`

> Goto the live page and inspect the page with Dev Tools. Find the `#api` copy the `outerHTML,` and insert it into the custom layout you want to change to simulate what Microsoft inserts into the DOM.

Reviewer: nitpick:

```suggestion
Go to the live page and inspect the page with Dev Tools. Find the `#api` element, copy its `outerHTML` and insert it into the custom layout you want to change to simulate what Microsoft inserts into the DOM.
```

### Working with translations

> Microsoft automatically adds `lang` attribute to `<html>`, which is why this is not included in the static pages. To see the translated texts add `lange="en"` or `lang="da"` to `<html>` (otherwise the text will be hidden).

Reviewer: suggestion:

```suggestion
Microsoft automatically adds `lang` attribute to `<html>`, which is why this is not included in the static pages. To see the translated texts add `lang="en"` or `lang="da"` to `<html>` (otherwise the text will be hidden).
```
